docs/administration.md, before:

# Diabot administration guide

[Return to README](../README.md)

Diabot has several features for admins to manage the server and configure other commands diabot offers.

## Commands:
> [Usernames](#usernames)  
> [Rewards](#rewards)  
> [Admin Channels](#admin-Channels)  
> [Announce](#announce)  
> [Nightscout Administration](#nightscout-administration)  
> [Roles](#roles)



## Usernames
Admin can enforce usernames within the server via a customizable regex pattern, to (for example) stop users from avoiding mentions, hoisting their username with special characters, etc.  
For example, `.*[a-zA-Z0-9]{2,}.*` matches 2 alphanumeric characters in a row.  
Websites like [regexr](https://regexr.com/) can help making and testing patterns.


### Commands
- [Show/View Pattern](#showview-Pattern)  
- [Show/View Hint](#showview-hint)
- [Enable Enforcement](#enable-enforcement)
- [Disable Enforcement](#disable-enforcement)


#### Show/View Pattern
To set a new pattern for username enforcement, use:  
`diabot admin usernames pattern [regex pattern]`

For example, the following command will ensure at least 2 consecutive alphanumeric characters in each username:  
`diabot admin usernames pattern .*[a-zA-Z0-9]{2,}.*`

In addition, you can call the command without arguments to see the current pattern:  
`diabot admin usernames pattern`

#### Show/View Hint
You can set a "hint", or a short description of what the pattern does to tell the users what the requirements are:  
`diabot admin usernames hint [hint]`

For example, from the example of the previous subcommand:  
`diabot admin usernames hint Please make sure your nickname contains at least 2 alphanumerical characters`

Again, you can view the current hint by calling the command without arguments:  
`diabot admin usernames hint`

#### Enable Enforcement
Enable username pattern enforcement:  
`diabot admin usernames enable`


#### Disable Enforcement
Disable username pattern enforcement:  
`diabot admin usernames disable`



## Rewards
Rewards are a system of giving users in the server a role if they have the required role, and were active while the reward was active.  
This is useful for events where you want all members who were active during the event to gain and eventually retain a role from that event.  
Users can opt-out of the reward (and back in) at will, and admins can force users to opt in and out.


### Commands
- [Add reward](#add-reward)  
- [Delete reward](#delete-reward)  
- [List rewards](#list-rewards)  
- [Opt user in to rewards](#opt-user-in-to-rewards)  
- [Opt user out of rewards](#opt-user-out-of-rewards)  
- [List all opt-outs](#list-all-opt-outs)  


#### Add reward
To create a new reward, specify the required role ID and the rewarded role ID:  
`diabot admin rewards add <required role> <reward role>`

#### Delete reward
To delete an existing reward, specify both the required role ID and the rewarded role ID:  
`diabot admin rewards delete <required role> <reward role>`

#### List rewards
To list all currently configured rewards:  
`diabot admin rewards list`

#### Opt user in to rewards
Admins can force a user to opt-in to rewards by specifying the user ID:  
`diabot admin rewards optin <user>`

#### Opt user out of rewards
Likewise, admins can force a user to opt-out of rewards:  
`diabot admin rewards optout <user>`

#### List all opt-outs
To list all users who are opted out of receiving rewards:  
`diabot admin rewards listoptouts`



## Admin Channels
Admin channels are a way of limiting certain commands which may expose sensitive information from being triggered in public channels.


### Commands
- [Add an admin channel](#add-an-admin-channel)  
- [Remove an admin channel](#Remove-an-admin-channel)  
- [List admin channels](#list-admin-channels)


#### Add an admin channel
To add an admin channel, specify the channel ID:  
`diabot admin channels add <channel>`

#### Remove an admin channel
Likewise, to remove an admin channel:  
`diabot admin channels delete <channel>`

#### List admin channels
To list all admin channels in the server:  
`diabot admin channels list`



## Announce
Admins can write messages as diabot in public channels.


### Commands
- [Announce a message](#announce-a-message)


#### Announce a message
To announce a message in a channel, specify the channel ID and message you'd like to send:  
`diabot admin announce <channel> <message>`  
  
For example, to send `foo` to the channel who's ID is `257554742371155998` :  
`diabot admin announce 257554742371155998 foo`

Embeds still work, so sending a link to a valid GIF will embed it in chat once the message is sent.

## Nightscout Administration
Admins can manage the `nightscout` command's appearance and entries using this command.  
The `simple` subcommand can force certain channels to only show single-line nightscout responses to mitigate clutter from many people calling nightscout at the same time.


### Commands
- [Set someone else's URL](#set-someone-elses-url)  
- [Delete someone else's URL](#delete-someone-elses-url)  
- [Simple mode](#simple-mode)  
- [Enable simple mode for a channel](#enable-simple-mode-for-a-channel)  
- [Disable simple mode for a channel](#disable-simple-mode-for-a-channel)  
- [List all simple mode channels](#list-all-simple-mode-channels)


#### Set someone else's URL
Admins can set someone else's nightscout URL by specifying their user ID and a new URL:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin set <user> <url>`

#### Delete someone else's URL
Admins can also remove someone's URL entirely, by specifying their user ID:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin delete <user>`

#### Simple mode
Simple mode forces all calls to diabot's `nightscout` command to show a simpler, less cluttered version.

#### Enable simple mode for a channel
To enable simple mode for a channel, specify the channel ID:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin simple add <channel>`

#### Disable simple mode for a channel
Likewise, to disable simple mode for a channel, specify the channel ID:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin simple delete <channel>`

#### List all simple mode channels
To list all simple mode-enabled channels:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin simple list`



## Roles
A simple command to get all roles in a server


### Commands
- [List all roles](#list-all-roles)


#### List all roles
To list all roles in a server:  
`diabot roles`

Commit message:

docs: add `nightscoutadmin graph` command

docs/administration.md, after:

# Diabot administration guide

[Return to README](../README.md)

Diabot has several features for admins to manage the server and configure other commands diabot offers.

## Commands:
> [Usernames](#usernames)  
> [Rewards](#rewards)  
> [Admin Channels](#admin-Channels)  
> [Announce](#announce)  
> [Nightscout Administration](#nightscout-administration)  
> [Roles](#roles)



## Usernames
Admin can enforce usernames within the server via a customizable regex pattern, to (for example) stop users from avoiding mentions, hoisting their username with special characters, etc.  
For example, `.*[a-zA-Z0-9]{2,}.*` matches 2 alphanumeric characters in a row.  
Websites like [regexr](https://regexr.com/) can help making and testing patterns.


### Commands
- [Show/View Pattern](#showview-Pattern)  
- [Show/View Hint](#showview-hint)
- [Enable Enforcement](#enable-enforcement)
- [Disable Enforcement](#disable-enforcement)


#### Show/View Pattern
To set a new pattern for username enforcement, use:  
`diabot admin usernames pattern [regex pattern]`

For example, the following command will ensure at least 2 consecutive alphanumeric characters in each username:  
`diabot admin usernames pattern .*[a-zA-Z0-9]{2,}.*`

In addition, you can call the command without arguments to see the current pattern:  
`diabot admin usernames pattern`

#### Show/View Hint
You can set a "hint", or a short description of what the pattern does to tell the users what the requirements are:  
`diabot admin usernames hint [hint]`

For example, from the example of the previous subcommand:  
`diabot admin usernames hint Please make sure your nickname contains at least 2 alphanumerical characters`

Again, you can view the current hint by calling the command without arguments:  
`diabot admin usernames hint`

#### Enable Enforcement
Enable username pattern enforcement:  
`diabot admin usernames enable`


#### Disable Enforcement
Disable username pattern enforcement:  
`diabot admin usernames disable`



## Rewards
Rewards are a system of giving users in the server a role if they have the required role, and were active while the reward was active.  
This is useful for events where you want all members who were active during the event to gain and eventually retain a role from that event.  
Users can opt-out of the reward (and back in) at will, and admins can force users to opt in and out.


### Commands
- [Add reward](#add-reward)  
- [Delete reward](#delete-reward)  
- [List rewards](#list-rewards)  
- [Opt user in to rewards](#opt-user-in-to-rewards)  
- [Opt user out of rewards](#opt-user-out-of-rewards)  
- [List all opt-outs](#list-all-opt-outs)  


#### Add reward
To create a new reward, specify the required role ID and the rewarded role ID:  
`diabot admin rewards add <required role> <reward role>`

#### Delete reward
To delete an existing reward, specify both the required role ID and the rewarded role ID:  
`diabot admin rewards delete <required role> <reward role>`

#### List rewards
To list all currently configured rewards:  
`diabot admin rewards list`

#### Opt user in to rewards
Admins can force a user to opt-in to rewards by specifying the user ID:  
`diabot admin rewards optin <user>`

#### Opt user out of rewards
Likewise, admins can force a user to opt-out of rewards:  
`diabot admin rewards optout <user>`

#### List all opt-outs
To list all users who are opted out of receiving rewards:  
`diabot admin rewards listoptouts`



## Admin Channels
Admin channels are a way of limiting certain commands which may expose sensitive information from being triggered in public channels.


### Commands
- [Add an admin channel](#add-an-admin-channel)  
- [Remove an admin channel](#Remove-an-admin-channel)  
- [List admin channels](#list-admin-channels)


#### Add an admin channel
To add an admin channel, specify the channel ID:  
`diabot admin channels add <channel>`

#### Remove an admin channel
Likewise, to remove an admin channel:  
`diabot admin channels delete <channel>`

#### List admin channels
To list all admin channels in the server:  
`diabot admin channels list`



## Announce
Admins can write messages as diabot in public channels.


### Commands
- [Announce a message](#announce-a-message)


#### Announce a message
To announce a message in a channel, specify the channel ID and message you'd like to send:  
`diabot admin announce <channel> <message>`  
  
For example, to send `foo` to the channel who's ID is `257554742371155998` :  
`diabot admin announce 257554742371155998 foo`

Embeds still work, so sending a link to a valid GIF will embed it in chat once the message is sent.

## Nightscout Administration
Admins can manage the `nightscout` command's appearance and entries using this command.  
The `simple` subcommand can force certain channels to only show single-line nightscout responses to mitigate clutter from many people calling nightscout at the same time.


### Commands
- [Set someone else's URL](#set-someone-elses-url)  
- [Delete someone else's URL](#delete-someone-elses-url)  
- [Simple mode](#simple-mode)  
- [Enable simple mode for a channel](#enable-simple-mode-for-a-channel)  
- [Disable simple mode for a channel](#disable-simple-mode-for-a-channel)  
- [List all simple mode channels](#list-all-simple-mode-channels)
- [Toggle `nightscoutgraph` command for guild](#toggle-nightscoutgraph-command-for-guild)


#### Set someone else's URL
Admins can set someone else's nightscout URL by specifying their user ID and a new URL:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin set <user> <url>`

#### Delete someone else's URL
Admins can also remove someone's URL entirely, by specifying their user ID:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin delete <user>`

#### Simple mode
Simple mode forces all calls to diabot's `nightscout` command to show a simpler, less cluttered version.

#### Enable simple mode for a channel
To enable simple mode for a channel, specify the channel ID:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin simple add <channel>`

#### Disable simple mode for a channel
Likewise, to disable simple mode for a channel, specify the channel ID:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin simple delete <channel>`

#### List all simple mode channels
To list all simple mode-enabled channels:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin simple list`

#### Toggle `nightscoutgraph` command for guild
The `diabot nightscoutgraph` command can be enabled or disabled in the guild:  
`diabot nightscoutadmin graph [true/false]`  

Not providing `true` or `false` will toggle the enabled status of `nightscoutgraph`.



## Roles
A simple command to get all roles in a server


### Commands
- [List all roles](#list-all-roles)


#### List all roles
To list all roles in a server:  
`diabot roles`
